Shalom from Israel to all of the days of
viewers around the world hi moshe Bart's
be the producer and founder of his
whanau news we at ease when now news are
dedicated to bringing you the full story
and the truth about Israel from Israel
it's written in the Holy Bible when
David said in Psalm 25 five lead me in
your truth and teach me for you are the
God of my salvation for you I wait all
the day long and God says in Zechariah
816 these are the things that you shall
do speak out the truth to one another
judge wheat roof and judgment to peace
in your gates and always search for the
truth and the truth shall set you free
John 8 31 I hope you enjoyed the program
god bless you from Jerusalem Shalom
Shalom
welcome to Israel now Neos I'm Johanna
Nell Rome and I'm Aaron Viner hello and
welcome to Asus ores i'm your host Josh
Weinstein and we're here on yet a
beautiful but windy day in Jerusalem my
guest today is rabbi Tooley Weiss
director and founder of Israel 365
Robbie Weiss thank you for being on the
show thanks for having me rabbi wise
tell our viewers a little bit about what
is Israel 365 Israel 365 is a email list
that connects kid that connects to our
readers with the land the physical
beauty of the land of israel and the
biblical significance on a daily basis
you'd say that you do faith-based public
diplomacy what does that really mean so
we believe i believe i've always
believed as a rabbi of a synagogue in
columbus ohio fer for a few years before
coming on alia that the main reason that
anybody supports Israel that religious
people Jews and Christians is because of
what the Bible has to say about the Land
of Israel more so than any of the other
more contemporary reasons it's because
of God's support for the Land of Israel
it's interesting most of the people that
read the Israel 365 update our Bible
believing Christians why do you think by
believing Christians are so drawn to
this content well because Bible
believing Christians and Jews believe
that what the Bible says is true if you
go through the Bible on every single
page it's talking about the importance
of the Land of Israel and so what we did
was we compiled all those sources all of
the verses and we provide it on a daily
basis with a all of the verses about
Israel one at a time every day of the
year 365 days of the year you know I get
this question a lot from Christian
audiences the Bible as you said talks
about the importance of the Land of
Israel almost every page yet there are
religious Jews who live outside of
Israel why aren't all religions just
moving to Israel if that's the case well
we're working on that that's one of our
goals is to show not only Christians but
Jews as well
that all of all of the important themes
in the Bible it's the Land of Israel
that appears over and over and over
again and so we're reaching Jews and
non-jews and what I think is so
wonderful is that while our communities
have much that we disagree about we
agree on so much and we agree when it
comes to the importance of the Land of
Israel I think that it's probably unique
in that Israel 365 it's one of the only
resources that both Jews religious cubes
and religious Christians appreciate and
value so much every single day rabbi
Weiss you know Israel 365 isn't just
informational but you take on real
initiatives you try to do campaigns
what's the most recent thing that you're
working on so right now we're working on
a very important petition with the
Knesset Christian allies caucus and
we're going to be petitioning our
community our email list our website and
on our facebook community as well to
show your support for the undivided the
historical connection between the Jewish
people and the city of Jerusalem one of
the aspects of that initiatives is the
signing of the Jerusalem covenant why do
you think it's so important for
Christians to take a covenant with
Jerusalem well because there are so many
ways but at the same time not there are
a few ways that Christians from around
the world can show their support for
Israel and the important issues that are
facing Israel today and one of the most
important issues is the support for an
undivided Jerusalem and so we want to
spread the Jerusalem covenant through
our community and the power of the
Internet to literally get tens of
thousands of people to sign the
Jerusalem covenant a lot of people say
that the issue of the United Jerusalem
is the capital of Israel is a political
issue but it's really a biblical issue
why is that well because way before
Washington was the capital of the United
States or Paris was the capital of
France Jerusalem was the capital of
Israel and it's not for legal reasons
it's not for even historical reasons
it's because God gave the city of
Jerusalem to King David to establish as
his capital
for the Jewish people to have as our
capital for eternity you know one of the
things that the kinetic Christian allies
caucus is working on is galvanizing
Koreans on political support for Israel
but you take it to a more of an advocacy
campaign why is this an important thing
for the State of Israel it's important
for the State of Israel to recognize
that Israel is not isolated and then in
fact for the first time in our history
the Jewish people have thousands
millions of friends all over the world
the Bible says that the Jewish people
are a nation that dwells alone but for
the first time really ever we're not
dwelling alone and we have millions of
supporters and millions of friends all
over the world and we want to show the
Israeli people and show Jews all over
the world that the Jewish people no
longer stand alone rabbi Weiss there are
literally tens of millions of people
watching this show what message do you
have for our viewing audience the one
message that I would like to convey
today is pleased to sign up for the
Jerusalem covenant and to sign your name
on our petition that we could present to
the Knesset and to show your support
from wherever you are from all over the
world for the biblical city of Jerusalem
Thank You rabbi Weiss for being on the
show thank you so much and thank you for
tuning in to asus ores i'm your host
Josh Weinstein now back to the studio